{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset129 AppleSDGothicNeo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22800\viewh18140\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 0. How did you hear about the Toptal?\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Answer: Last month, I researched the toptal on google.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
1. Please be informed that this interview process is confidential and you should agree with this.\
\cf0 \
Answer: Okay, got it Or Sure.\
\
\cf2 2. Do you have any knowledge in the interview steps of the toptal?\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Answer: \
	1) Yes, I read the descriptions of the toptal websites.\
	    As I know, there are 4 steps. (But I don\'a1\'aft think so well)\
          \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 		The first process is verifying my communication skills in the professional level.\
     		The second process is online coding challenge.\
     		The third process is live coding challenge with the one of senior developers in the toptal.\
     		The fourth process is the test project.\
     		This is all I know.
\fs24 \
\
        
\fs36 2) Sorry, I don\'92t have any experience with Toptal, I just applied to the Toptal a few days ago. So I don\'92t know about that. Could you explain more about that?
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 \cf2 3. Let me introduce our toptal network\
\
\cf0 Answer: Okay, thanks\
\
\cf2 4. Please introduce yourself\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Answer: Okay,\
\
I am a full stack developer with 5+ years of professional experience in web development. I am very familiar with Javascript, PHP, SQL, Bootstrap, HTML and CSS.\
\
But I am a Javascript guy so I\'92d love to work with Javascript and its frameworks such as React.js, Vue.js, AngularJS, and Node.js.\
\
React.js is my one of the best front-end skills and Node.js is my best javascript back-end framework. I have 3+ years of experience with React and Redux, and 2+ years of experience with Node.js.\
\
And then I am able to work in any timezone that means we will be able to easily communicate with each other\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 5. Why did you start programming?\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Answer:	When I was young, I used to be praised for my talent in mathematics and coding.\
     			And my parents wanted me to be a software engineer.\
     			That's why I started coding and I've become a software engineer.\cf2 \
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 6. Why did you start freelancing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Answer: I started freelancing because I loved flexible work hours and working on many kinds of projects.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7. Why are you joining the toptal?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Answer: Toptal only hire top 3% freelancers. So I want to 
\f1 p
\f0 rove my skills with Toptal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 8. What kind of projects are you looking for?\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Answer:  I am looking for any kind of JavaScript projects, especially built with React and Node.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 9. What are you looking for in a company?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Answer: I am looking for a nice work environment which values every developer's ideas and where I can learn many from other team members\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10. What is your desired hourly rate? Availability? When can you start?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Answer: $35 and available 40hrs, can start right now.\
\
\
Ie :       I was a science geek. I always studied software engineering.\
\
Yes, there are some typo issues on the resume, as you can see the employment histories, I wrote \'a1\'b0we were built CPanel until April 2017 successfully\'a1\'b1.\
\
But It was wrong typing. Because we built CPanel in 2018\
This is typo issue\
\
The big challenge is the schedule calendar issue. We used the mongoDB on back-end side, all dateObjects are converted to UTC timezone and saved to mongoDB. Client is in Vancouver Canada, and I am in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. So we are in different timezone, so the schedule calendar will be different in other places, but client wanted me to be shown the same calendar in other places. This is big challenge in this project.\
\
I solved this challenge. I subtracted the timezoneOffset from current time. So all times were converted to UTC on front-end sides and every body can see the same calendar in other places. \
\
\
- Most recent project or a project you\'a1\'afre most proud of.\
Codi is a platform that provides a secure video chat between intensivists and rural doctors in Canada. It provides website where rural doctors can sign up, get consults, transcribe audio consults, etc.\
I developed the website using React.js, \'a1\'a6.. , \
\
\
}